What are you doing, please?
What are you yelling at?
What's the big deal?
I won't talk to Mr. Wang about disgust, will I?
Talk about business talk about business
Can ride on you to talk business
To you boy
It's Xiao Junlin, right?
I have some money here
Take it
This money
Enough for you to get three months' salary in the factory
Are you now?
Hurry up and wait for me for half an hour.
Come in later
roll
Damn you
What's going on, this bitch?
Then I was out walking my dog with other men
Hey, what are you talking about, bitch?
Tell you this is my baby girl
What's wrong with you not coming home after working part-time for many years?
Go crazy when you come back
Hmph you're not at home
I can't let my daughter find another good man
Could it be that I will hang myself on you poor ghost?
Although I said I haven't come back for three years
But when will Shen Jiajia ask for money?
I didn't call him.
What's wrong with your stupid face?
Is it enough, Mr. Wang?
Buy any bag.
That's enough for you to work outside for three years
I tell you brat
I can't keep your beautiful wife
Just be honest and be your green-haired turtle
Good man and woman, I will kill you.
Hahaha
Ah!
Wang Qiduan North Wind Remnant
Mobei Wu Wangting from today
The world is full of clothes
Border city beacon
Quartet in a hurry
Fortunately, a god-given general
Turn the tide
Three foot breeze
Sword Slashing Wang Banner
Now give mountains and rivers to wash
Family engagement
Seal the Marquis of King's Landing
To see the world
Left hand country
Right-handed beauty
Marquis worship
Today's ancient city Takeshi
Swear to follow the emperor